DOC-1225 RS reorg: Databases section (#1839)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/active-active/delete-aa-database.md

---
Title: Delete Active-Active databases
linktitle: Delete Active-Active database
description: Considerations while deleting Active-Active databases.
weight: 35
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RS"]
aliases: [
    /rs/administering/database-operations/delete-crdb/,
    /rs/databases/active-active/delete-aa-database.md,
    /rs/databases/active-active/delete-aa-database/,
]
---

When you delete an Active-Active database (formerly known as CRDB),
all instances of the Active-Active database are deleted from all participating clusters.

{{% warning %}}

> This action is an immediate, non-reversible, and has no rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is immediate, non-reversible, and has no rollback.
```

{{% /warning %}}

Because Active-Active databases are made up of instances on multiple participating clusters,
to restore a deleted Active-Active database you must create the database again with all of its instances
and then restore the data to the database from backup.

We recommended that you:

> - Backup your data and test the restore on another database before you delete an Active-Active database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Back up your data and test the restore on another database before you delete an Active-Active database.
```
